Knife, are you going to the Cayman Islands?
Old leader, you don't have clairvoyant vision, do you?
I don't have time to talk to you
I know you want the energy stone.
But it's not that simple
Several major international mercenary groups
And the killer group
Someone has been sent to the Cayman Islands
Their target is you, Huaxia Qinglong
Thank you leader thank you
I will definitely make them regret it.
Boy, don't mess around
Behind these organizations
The richest families in the world
Who will give you a pot if you piss off?
Do you want to be hunted down by the world?
What do you think I should do?
I have to go anyway
I knew you wouldn't change your mind
So be it.
I will arrange for someone to meet you there
Arch back as soon as you get the energy
The leader still cares about me
By the way, the leader is very famous for opening slow casinos.
I have to go around, don't worry.
Leave the money for the energy stone.
The rest will be on the shelves
Bullshit trying to make trouble again, right?
Don't think I can't control you after you retire
Take care of it
Don't worry, old leader.
I'll go back to the team as soon as I'm done
Reduce 1 billion dollars to slaughter Huaxia Qinglong
500 million dollars before
It's 1 billion
It seems that my head is quite expensive.
But it's okay.
I'll tell the world how many people came to kill him
Let you know how powerful my Huaxia Qinglong is